let's start with articulation Big Mo
fast and
alright so he's got ball joint arms like
we're all pretty far before and back on
both sides
he's got ball jointed elbows pretty good
decent range of our motion 90 degree
motion actually pretty good all joining
hands popped up
and you own words and outwards then they
can twirl around all the way
all right ahead we'll start with the one
thing that you probably getting all
about and that is this is mask is
removable
now i'm not sure how i feel about it
great now the reason that he doesn't
have his goatee in case you guys are
wondering yeah we talked i talked to
Mexico about it and they said it's
because they got the first render before
they even decided what they were going
to do with him so that's why doesn't
have the beard but I'm a customized one
of the scorpions that I get in my next
shipment and give him a beard and see if
this will still fit on him but you just
take it off and you can see his face and
you know what I do is I pulled it you
know they'll keep it in place and then
you put it in any fits pretty snuggly if
you fold it you just try to put it on
there it will fit but it'll fall right
off and this will fall off if you'll be
all right back to articulate oh yeah and
hedge really articulate the head can go
really
far then go down really really far too
and his hood is made out of a soft
material so it doesn't impede on or take
it Lincoln at all you can go 360 if you
want to go up down all around it's an
amazing scorpion figured something we've
long wanted for a while now all right
he's got a ball joint waist is over now
a little bit so I decide it's not the
greatest articulation for a waste but
it's you know if there is nothing he's
got like these ball jointed things on
his legs and he has soft material on his
thing so he can get his legs forward
pretty far and back pretty far so that's
good well done something jazwares could
not do and you will see I will compare
them later on in this review there's
made a pretty long review because of the
blink will walk to this I'm going to
take my sometime he's got ball joint me
a pretty great range of motion it's
really well sculpted to the joints are
really well hidden ball doing an eight
year as well now his feed her the best
part in my opinion he's got like these
ball joints that work has really nice
ankl pivots and they go up and down
pretty good and just all around it's
really good that should be all the
articulation I believe now let's start
let's go with accessories aside from
this mask
put them down
comes with hands
three sets of these kind of hands with
open hands like throw its peers or if
you just like get ready for battle and I
love the fact that you they're all in
movable hands like you can put them in
different variations later on i'll post
a gallery of all kinds of pictures of
this guy that i'll take pictures of
because you can do a lot with him you've
got his swords really nice pretty well
detailed they're not bad at all same
exact sword here pretty nice and then
you have kunai with the chain really
nice pretty great pretty well detailed
for a tiny little thing like book it out
small that is a detail is amazing
and you'll I'll get to this part in a
second as you see they both really
really be
it'll focus this auto focus come on auto
focus there we go that's really detailed
man that's just really impressed with
mesma boys really impressed we've
finally got some mortal kombat thing
that's that we can call Mortal Kombat
figures and in case you're wondering yes
it isn't scared with the jazz where the
speakers so like if you still have your
old Jasmine figures like mine and
currently the only Shao Kahn that you
have that is like the best chef on how
so far and that's mezco takes over which
I know they probably will sells enough
we'll probably get show but so you know
he is in scale with Shao Kahn
and other big characters
such as Kintaro who I'm still working on
but he's going to look freaking awesome
taking my sweet time on guitar
especially now since i knows in scale
with the Mesko i wasn't sure if he was
going to in scale though the other
jazwares figures such as like scorpion
and stuff are slightly smaller but only
because I these ones really weren't
based on six inch figures these were
more based on five
and the detail is not even prepared
which I will get into